FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
updated: 2007.03.30


Q. 	Can I play Some Chess against the computer?
A. 	Nope.  That's a whole lot of AI that I don't have time to program.  Some Chess is done in my 
	free time, and I don't want to spend all my free time writing chess AI.  With that said, if you 
	want to donate money towards me writing an AI we could talk about that— but contact me first if 
	that's what you want.
	
Q.	Can I use Some Chess on my website?
A.	Yes, of course.

Q.	Can I charge people to play?
A.	No.

Q.	Can I charge for anything?
A. 	Yes, you can charge to support and expand Some Chess, but you must keep the license and share
	any of the code you change/create for Some Chess (contact me: jon@atomiclemur.com).

Q.	I get a message that says something like this, "Failed opening 'languages/_main.php'" What am I 
	doing wrong?
A.	You need to specify the language in the config file. (by default it is "en" so you probably 
	just erased it)

Q.	I get an message that says something like this, "A link to the server could not be established" 
	What am I doing wrong?
A.	I can't tell you for sure, but I can say that your connection to the MySQL table isn't happening.  
	Check to make sure you are using the right information (host, username, password, database name)
	in the config file
	
Q.	I sent you an email that just said "what is wrong?"  Why didn't you help me?
A.	I'm sorry, but if you don't have the time to write clearly what is wrong then I don't have the 
	time to write back and ask for more details.  Send me an email again asking a specific question 
	and I'll get back to you as soon as I can.  Just remember Some Chess is free, so I can't drop 
	everything to answer your question.
	
Q.	Some Chess isn't available in my language, would you like help with a localization?
A.	YES!!!  I would love to get Some Chess in as many languages as possible.  The more people that 
	can use this the better, I hate the idea of excluding people because they can't read english.
	
Q.	How can I contribute?
A.	There are many ways.  You could submit bug reports, ideas, code or donations.  Heck even just 
	sending an email to say thanks contributes positively to my moral for the project.

Q.	What happens when I send ideas or code?
A.	When I am sent ideas or code I think about how it fits into the Some Chess project.  If it seems
	to go beyond what I think of as Some Chess' vision (to have an simple, clean, and fun chess
	server) than I will pass on it.  If I think it fits nicely with that vision then I'll work on 
	incorporating it into the project.  Either way you'll have my sincere appreciation.
	
Q.	You haven't answered my quesiton here, how can I contact you?
A.	Either by using the form at http://atomiclemur.com or by emailing jon@atomiclemur.com